Row	Type	Prefix	Name	Label	Domain	Dispostion	Yes/No	Parent	DispComment	Definitions	Editor Note	Example	Status	Human Friendly Name	Name of editor	Alternative Name	Citation
122	C	obo:	ARG_2000376	Contact Qualifier	VIVO	R	yes	A	We will need contact qualifiers (eg business address)								
427	C	vivo:	ReviewerRole	Reviewer Role	CREDIT	R	yes	D		"A role that encompasses both ongoing reviewer responsibility for a bibo:Collection, such as a Journal or Series, and also a review performed for a bibo:Document, such as a book, academic article or conference paper."		"A role that encompasses both ongoing reviewer responsibility for a bibo:Collection, such as a Journal or Series, and also a review performed for a bibo:Document, such as a book, academic article or conference paper."					
346	C	vivo:	Database	Database	IAO	R	yes	D	Find in IAO	A structured file of information or a set of logically related data stored and retrieved using computer-based means		Short Definition is the Medical Subject Heading (MeSH) definition|PubMed					
390	C	vivo:	License	License	IAO	R	yes	D		Official or legal permission to do something		Licenses are usually issued in order to regulate some activity that is deemed to be dangerous or a threat to the person or the public or which involves a high level of specialized skill.  See also core:Licensure.					
391	C	vivo:	Licensure	Licensure	IAO	R	yes	D	Licence Process	"A granted license, which gives a 'permission to practice.'"		"A granted license, which gives a 'permission to practice.' Such licenses are usually issued in order to regulate some activity that is deemed to be dangerous or a threat to the person or the public or which involves a high level of specialized skill.  See also core:License."					
323	C	vivo:	CaseStudy	Case Study	OBI	R	yes	D	Find in OBI	A qualitative descriptive research study of individuals or a group		"A form of qualitative descriptive research that is used to study individuals, a small group of participants, or a group as a whole. Medical usage (from MeSH): clinical presentations that may be followed by evaluative studies that eventually lead to a diagnosis. "					
382	C	vivo:	InvestigatorRole	Investigator Role	OBI	R	yes	D	Find in OBI	"A role in an Agreement (for example, a grant) as a named investigator or key personnel."							
425	C	vivo:	ResearchProposal	Research Proposal	OBI	R	yes	D		A proposal for a research grant that has been submitted but not approved; does not represent an existing activity							
274	C	vcard:	Organization	Organization	ORG	R	yes	D	 								http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technique
153	C	obo:	ERO_0000071	Software	SWO	R	yes	D	In the SWO domain	A general term primarily used for digitally stored data such as computer programs and other kinds of information read and written by computers.		Microsoft Word is commonly used word processing software.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120	software	PERSON: Melissa Haendel		
294	C	vcard:	TimeZone	Time Zone	TIME	R	yes	D	VIVO will have a way to represent time								PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky
36	C	bibo:	AcademicArticle	Academic Article	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"Written by scholars for other scholars, typically published in an academic journal with an abstract and bibliography"		A specific academic journal article					
37	C	bibo:	Article	Article	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"A written composition in prose, usually nonfiction, on a specific topic, forming an independent part of a periodical or book"		Short Definition modified from the bibo ontology.|A specific journal article					
38	C	bibo:	AudioDocument	Audio Document	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Recorded audio in any format		phonograph record; tape; CD; DVD; DAT					
39	C	bibo:	AudioVisualDocument	Audio-Visual Document	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Audiovisual recording in any format		film; video; Blu-ray					
40	C	bibo:	Bill	Bill	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Draft legislation presented for discussion to a legal body		Short Definition from the bibo ontology					
41	C	bibo:	Book	Book	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"A written or printed work of fiction or nonfiction, usually on sheets of paper fastened or bound together within covers"		Short Definition copied from bibo ontology					
42	C	bibo:	BookSection	Book Section	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A section of a book		Short Definition from the bibo ontology 					
43	C	bibo:	Brief	Brief	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A document stating the facts and points of law of a client's case							
44	C	bibo:	Chapter	Chapter	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A main division of a book							
45	C	bibo:	Code	Code	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A work consisting of texts of rules and regulations related to statutes issued by executive or administrative agencies		"Short Definition from OCLC Input Standards, EntW|Code of Federal Regulations"					
46	C	bibo:	CollectedDocument	Collected Document	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Work consisting of collections of previously published works		Short Definition is the Medical Subject Heading (MeSH) definition					
47	C	bibo:	Collection	Collection	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Collection of information resources that have a unified identity		"Collection of information resources that have a unified identity. Archives, museums and libraries often acquire collections on specific subjects and from distinguished authors or researchers. Also includes collections of resources bundled into a license.|Hill Ornithology Collection; Wiley Interscience Online Books Biochemisty Collection"					
48	C	bibo:	Conference	Conference	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A meeting for consultation or discussion.		2010 International Congress on Autoimmunity; American Libraries Association 2009|core:Seminar and bibo:Conference are very similar.					
49	C	bibo:	CourtReporter	Court Reporter	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Collection of legal cases		Supreme Court Reporter					
50	C	bibo:	Document	Document	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A collection of information content entities intended to be understood together as a whole|A bounded physical representation of a body of information designed with the capacity (and usually intent) to communicate		"Short Definition from the bibo ontology|A journal article, patent application, laboratory notebook, or a book"	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120	document	PERSON: Lawrence Hunter		
51	C	bibo:	DocumentPart	Document Part	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A distinct part of a larger document or collected document		Short Definition from the bibo ontology 					
52	C	bibo:	DocumentStatus	Document Status	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	The status of a document with respect to its publication.		"submitted; accepted; in-press; published; invited; refereed.|The status of a document with respect to its publication. The statuses are represented as individuals of this class. Use the \show all individuals of this class\"" button on the class control panel to see the currently defined statuses."""					
53	C	bibo:	EditedBook	Edited Book	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	An edited collection of stand-alone articles published as a book		Best American Science Writing 2009					
54	C	bibo:	Excerpt	Excerpt	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A passage selected from a larger work		Short Definition from the bibo ontology					
55	C	bibo:	Film	Film	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Audiovisual recording in film format							
56	C	bibo:	Hearing	Hearing	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"An instance or a session in which testimony and arguments are presented, esp. before an official, as a judge in a lawsuit."		Definiton from Bibo here: http://bibotools.googlecode.com/svn/bibo-ontology/trunk/doc/index.html					
57	C	bibo:	Image	Image	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A visual representation such as a photograph or graph		photograph; diagram|\n					
58	C	bibo:	Interview	Interview	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A conversation between two or more people where questions are asked by the interviewer to obtain information from the interviewee.		radio or newspaper interview					
59	C	bibo:	Issue	Issue	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"something that is printed or published and distributed, esp. a given number of a periodical"		Short Definition from the bibo ontology					
60	C	bibo:	Journal	Journal	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Contains original scholarly research or review articles by experts in the field		"Journal of Information Science; IEEE Intelligent System; Scientometrics|Articles usually contain abstracts and bibliographies. Includes peer-reviewed, non-peer-reviewed, and open access journals. Journals are usually indexed in the major academic databases such as PubMed and Web of Science."					
61	C	bibo:	LegalCaseDocument	Legal Case Document	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Official court  papers for a case							
62	C	bibo:	LegalDecision	Decision	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"The written determination of a case, motion or claim by a court or tribunal"							
63	C	bibo:	LegalDocument	Legal Document	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	a document that states some contractual relationship or grants some right							
64	C	bibo:	Legislation	Legislation	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"Enactments of legislative bodies, published in either statute or code form"		"From OCLC Input Standards, EntW"					
65	C	bibo:	Letter	Letter	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A written or printed communication addressed to a person or organization and usually transmitted by mail		A written or printed communication addressed to a person or organization and usually transmitted by mail					
66	C	bibo:	Magazine	Magazine	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"Contains articles of current events or general interest, geared to the reading public as being informative or recreational"		New Yorker|Abstracts and bibliographies are usually not included in magazines. 					
67	C	bibo:	Manual	Manual	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A book of instructions or guide to a specific topic		SDB User Manual					
68	C	bibo:	Manuscript	manuscript	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Works prepared by hand including handwritten or typescript drafts of pre-publication papers or works not otherwise reproduced in multiple copies		Short Definition is the Medical Subject Heading (MeSH) definition					
69	C	bibo:	Map	Map	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"A graphical depiction of geographic features, scientific discipline, scientific data analytical results"		"The Short Definition is how the bibo ontology defines Map. It has been extended to include more broader concept of map which includes science maps, social network maps."					
70	C	bibo:	Newspaper	Newspaper	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"Contains news articles, opinions, features, advertising, and is usually issued daily or weekly"		USA Today					
71	C	bibo:	Note	Note	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Notes or annotations about a resource		Short Definition from bibo ontology					
72	C	bibo:	Patent	Patent	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"(from BIBO) A document describing the exclusive right granted by a government to an inventor to manufacture, use, or sell an invention for a certain number of years"		"A patent is an exclusive right granted for an invention, which is a product or a process that provides, in general, a new way of doing something, or offers a new technical solution to a problem.  In order to be patentable, the invention must fulfill certain conditions. (http://www.wipo.int/patentscope/en/)"					
73	C	bibo:	Performance	Performance	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"Something carried out, acted or rendered."							
74	C	bibo:	Periodical	Periodical	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.								
75	C	bibo:	PersonalCommunicationDocument	Personal Communication Document	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A personal communication manifested in some document.		A personal communication manifested in some document.					
76	C	bibo:	Proceedings	Proceedings	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"A compilation of documents published from an event, such as a conference"		Short Definition copied from bibo ontology					
77	C	bibo:	Quote	Quote	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	An excerpted collection of words		Short Definition from the bibo ontology					
78	C	bibo:	ReferenceSource	Reference Source	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"A document that presents authoritative reference information, such as a dictionary or encylopedia"		Short Definition from the bibo ontology					
79	C	bibo:	Report	Report	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"A document describing an account or statement describing in detail an event, situation, or the like, usually as the result of observation, inquiry, etc."		"Medical Subject Heading (MeSH) definition of Technical Report: Work consisting of a formal report giving details of the investigation and results of a medical or other scientific problem. When issued by a government agency or comparable official body, its contents may be classified, unclassified, or declassified with regard to security clearance. This publication type may also cover a scientific paper or article that records the current state or current position of scientific research and development. If so labeled by the editor or publisher, this publication type may be properly used for journal articles."					
80	C	bibo:	Series	Series	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"A thematic collection of documents, usually books, issued at regular or irregular intervals"		Methods in Molecular Biology					
81	C	bibo:	Slide	Slide	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A slide in a slideshow		Short Definition from the bibo ontology					
82	C	bibo:	Slideshow	Slideshow	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"A presentation of a series of slides, usually presented in front of an audience with written text and images"		Short Definition from the bibo ontology					
83	C	bibo:	Standard	Standard	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"A specification giving a precise statement of a process or a service requirement, often sanctioned by a nation or industry"		"Short Definition from OCLC Input Standards, EntW"					
84	C	bibo:	Statute	Statute	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A bill enacted into law		Short Definition from bibo ontology					
85	C	bibo:	Thesis	Thesis	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Works created to satisfy the requirements for an academic certification or degree; also called dissertation		"Short Definition from OCLC Input Standards, EntW"					
86	C	bibo:	ThesisDegree	Thesis Degree	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	The academic degree of a Thesis.		"Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)|Different from general academic degree, thesis degree is achieved through one's completed thesis. Thesis is a document submitted in support of candidature for a degree or professional qualification presenting the author's research and findings(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thesis_or_dissertation)."					
87	C	bibo:	Webpage	Webpage	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	One section of a website that appears at a unique address within the parent site's address or URL on the World Wide Web 							
88	C	bibo:	Website	Website	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A group of webpages available within a specific parent address or URL on the World Wide Web		Facebook; VIVOweb.org; Flickr					
89	C	bibo:	Workshop	Workshop	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"Bibo Definition: A seminar, discussion group, or the like, that emphasizes exchange of ideas and the demonstration and application of techniques, skills, etc."							
90	C	c4o:	BibliographicInformationSource	Bibliographic Information Source	VIVO	R	yes	D	Should be in VIVO with reference to c4o	"A source of information about bibliographic citations, such as Google Scholar, Web of Science or Scopus."							
93	C	fabio:	ClinicalGuideline	Clinical Guideline	VIVO	R	yes	D	See BIBO comments	"A recommendation on the appropriate treatment and care of people with a specific disease or condition, based on the best available evidence, designed to help healthcare professionals in their work."							
94	C	fabio:	Comment	Comment	VIVO	R	yes	D	See BIBO comments	"A verbal or written remark concerning some entity. In written form, a comment is often appended to that entity and termed an annotation. Within computer programs or ontologies, comments are added to enhance human understanding, and are usually prefaced by a special syntactic symbol that ensures they are ignored during execution of the program.\n\nhas super-classes|A verbal or written remark concerning some entity. In written form, a comment is often appended to that entity and termed an annotation. Within computer programs or ontologies, comments are added to enhance human understanding, and are usually prefaced by"							
95	C	fabio:	Erratum	Erratum	VIVO	R	yes	D	See BIBO comments	A formal correction to an error introduced by the publisher into a previously published document.							
178	C	obo:	ERO_0001245	Licensing	VIVO	R	yes	D	Licensing Process	"A technique that authorizes a use (such as copying software or using a (patented) invention) to a licensee, sparing the licensee from a claim of infringement brought by the licensor."		Licensing of a new technology.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
189	C	obo:	ERO_0001716	Database	VIVO	R	yes	D	Not in IAO?	"A database is an organized collection of data, today typically in digital form."			http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000123		PERSON: Carlo Torniai		
281	C	vcard:	Photo	Photo	VIVO	R	yes	D	VIVO will have a way to represent images								http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinical_trial
290	C	vcard:	Telephone	Telephone	VIVO	R	yes	D	VIVO will have a way to represent phone numbers								http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_software
295	C	vcard:	Title	Title	VIVO	R	yes	D	VIVO will have a way to represent titles								PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky
298	C	vcard:	URL	URL	VIVO	R	yes	D	VIVO will have a way to represent items on the web and their URLs								PERSON: Matthew Brush
302	C	vivo:	Abstract	Abstract	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	An abstract that is published as a standalone document or in a journal of abstracts							PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky
319	C	vivo:	Blog	Blog	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"Regularly updated online journal or newsletter by one or more writers, called bloggers, containing articles and commentary of interest to the blogger"		Library of Congress Blog|Blog is short for weblog. 					
320	C	vivo:	BlogPosting	Blog Posting	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	An online article or commentary appearing on a blog		A specific blog posting					
324	C	vivo:	Catalog	Catalog	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A list of items in a collection; an ordered compilation of item descriptions and sufficient information to afford access to them		Short Definition is the Medical Subject Heading (MeSH) definition |NLM Catalog					
334	C	vivo:	ConferencePaper	Conference Paper	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A paper presented at a conference; optionally collected into a Proceedings or a special Journal issue							
335	C	vivo:	ConferencePoster	Conference Poster	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"The digital file (or physical equivalent), if available after the conference, vs. the act of attending/presenting: use ConferencePresentation for information about date/time/location/name of the event where the poster was presented"							
353	C	vivo:	EditorialArticle	Editorial Article	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"An article of opinion, typically published in a newspaper. For academics, most commonly Op Ed pieces"							
359	C	vivo:	EmeritusProfessor	Professor Emeritus	VIVO	R	yes	D		"A retired professor who has retained their rank, title and privileges."							
381	C	vivo:	Internship	Internship	VIVO	R	yes	D	A position type?	Typically a student or a recent graduate undergoing supervised practical training.							
383	C	vivo:	InvitedTalk	Invited Talk	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.								
384	C	vivo:	IssuedCredential	Issued Credential	VIVO	R	yes	D	Credential								
387	C	vivo:	Librarian	Librarian	VIVO	R	yes	D		"A person working in a position of librarian or information professional, or academic or technical expert in support of providing information services or materials."							
388	C	vivo:	LibrarianPosition	Librarian Position	VIVO	R	yes	D		"A position held  by library and information science professionals, or academic or technical experts, in support of providing information services or materials"		Librarian; Library Systems Analyst; Music Bibliographer|It is the common position in libraries.					
393	C	vivo:	MedicalResidency	Medical Residency	VIVO	R	yes	D	A position type	Residency is a stage of graduate medical training. 							
394	C	vivo:	Meeting	Meeting	VIVO	R	yes	D	An event type	"A gathering of people for a defined purpose, not necessarily public or announced"							
395	C	vivo:	MemberRole	Member Role	VIVO	R	yes	D	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships	A role of being a member in a Process or an Organization							
397	C	vivo:	Newsletter	Newsletter	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"Usually issued periodically, prepared by or for a group or institution to present information to a specific audience, often also made available to the press and public"		The Ornithological Newsletter					
398	C	vivo:	NewsRelease	News Release	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"A short written piece focused on an event or announcement of note, having a defined publication time and of less enduring interest than a news feature."							
426	C	vivo:	Review	Review	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"An article reviewing one or more other information resources (a book, one or more other articles, movies, etc)"							
430	C	vivo:	Score	Score	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Written musical composition for voice or instruments or both							
431	C	vivo:	Screenplay	Screenplay	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	"Written script for a film production, including dialogue and descriptions of gestures, actions, shooting directions"							
434	C	vivo:	Speech	Speech	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Text of a speech written in preparation for delivery of the speech.							
445	C	vivo:	Video	Video	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	Audiovisual recording in video format							
446	C	vivo:	WorkingPaper	Working Paper	VIVO	R	yes	D	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	A document created as a basis for discussion or a very early draft of a formal paper							
454	D	bibo:	Asin	Amazon Standard Identification Number (ASIN)	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a Class			Amazon standard identification number. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazon_Standard_Identification_Number.|020530902X					
456	D	bibo:	coden	coden	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			CODEN became particularly common in the scientific community as a citation system for periodicals cited in technical- as well in chemistry-related publications and as a search tool in many bibliographic catalogues.\nDefinition and description came from Wikipedia here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CODEN 					
457	D	bibo:	doi	Digital Object Identifier (DOI)	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class								
458	D	bibo:	eanucc13	EAN International-Uniform Code Council (EAN-UCC) 13	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			Definition source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Article_Numbering-Uniform_Code_Council.\nThe Uniform Code Council (UCC) was the Numbering Organization in the USA to administer and manage the EAN.UCC System. In 2005 the UCC changed its name to GS1 US.					
460	D	bibo:	eissn	Electronic International Standard Serial Number (EISSN)	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			eissn stands for Electronic International Standard Serial Number.  source: http://www.definition-of.com/EISSN					
461	D	bibo:	gtin14	Global Trade Item Number (GTIN-14)	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Trade_Item_Number.					
463	D	bibo:	isbn10	International Standard Book Number (ISBN) 10	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isbn.					
464	D	bibo:	isbn13	International Standard Book Number (ISBN) 13	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isbn.					
465	D	bibo:	issn	International Standard Serial Number (ISSN)	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Issn					
466	D	bibo:	issue	issue	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class.			"Bibo has the domain of bibo:issue as the class Issue, but an example on their site uses it with Article, referring to the issue number \4\"""""					
467	D	bibo:	lccn	Library of Congress Control Number (LCCN)	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_of_Congress_Control_Number.					
468	D	bibo:	locator	locator	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			definition from: http://bibotools.googlecode.com/svn/bibo-ontology/trunk/doc/index.html					
469	D	bibo:	number	number	VIVO	C	yes	I	Issue number			Definition from here: http://bibotools.googlecode.com/svn/bibo-ontology/trunk/doc/index.html					
471	D	bibo:	oclcnum	Online Computer Library Center (OCLC) number	VIVO	C	yes	I				http://info-uri.info/registry/OAIHandler?verb=GetRecord&metadataPrefix=reg&identifier=info:oclcnum/. \n\n\nbibo has the domain of this property set to the union of Collection and Document.					
474	D	bibo:	pmid	PubMed ID	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			"The PubMed ID (PMID) identifies a citation record (rather than full-text) in the PubMed database. It is not evidence of compliance with the NIH Public Access Policy, because it does not identify a full-text submission of any kind."					
478	D	bibo:	sici	Serial Item and Contribution Identifier (SICI)	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			A sub property of identifier (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SICI).					
479	D	bibo:	upc	Universal Product Code (UPC)	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class			source for public description: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Product_Code.					
481	D	bibo:	volume	volume	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class.  A volume is a thing.								
576	D	obo:	ARG_0000197	health care provider ID	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class.								
626	D	vcard:	uid	uid	VIVO	C	yes	I									
629	D	vivo:	cclCode	published US Classification Class/subclass (CCL) code	VIVO	C	yes	I									
636	D	vivo:	eRACommonsId	eRA Commons ID	VIVO	C	yes	I									
643	D	vivo:	iclCode	International Classification (ICL) code	VIVO	C	yes	I				The International classification(s) to which the published application has been assigned.\n					
644	D	vivo:	identifier	identifier	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class								
646	D	vivo:	licenseNumber	license number	VIVO	C	yes	I									
650	D	vivo:	nihmsid	NIH Manuscript Submission System ID	VIVO	C	yes	I									
653	D	vivo:	patentNumber	patent number	VIVO	C	yes	I				source of definition: http://www.uspto.gov/main/glossary/#p . The following site has patent number formats: http://www.uspto.gov/patents/ebc/kindcodesum.jsp .					
655	D	vivo:	pmcid	PubMed Central ID	VIVO	C	yes	I				"   A PMCID is a unique PubMed Central reference number, which is assigned to each full-text record made available A PMCID is a unique PubMed Central reference number, which is assigned to each full-text record made available in PubMed Central. The PMCID is issued shortly after the PI or author approves the PubMed Central formatted web version of the submission. "					
659	D	vivo:	researcherId	ISI Researcher ID	VIVO	C	yes	I				RearcherID is a Thomson Reuters project where researchers have a place to manage and share their professional information. It will allow them to solve author identity issues while simultaneously adding dynamic citation metrics and collaboration networks to your personal profile.\nDefinition source: http://isiwebofknowledge.com/researcherid/					
661	D	vivo:	scopusId	Scopus ID	VIVO	C	yes	I				Home page for Scopus: http://www.scopus.com/home.url					
663	D	vivo:	sponsorAwardId	sponsor award ID	VIVO	C	yes	I				"Has a domain of Grant. There is not a strong reason have this be publically visible, since most users would care more about the name of the sponsoring agency than its identifier, but it does no harm to be public.\n\n\nSee also core:localAwardId.\n"					
670	D	vivosr:	nctId	National Clinical Trials (NCT) number	VIVO	C	yes	I	Becomes a class	"ClinicalTrials.gov is an ICMJE-acceptable public registry, offering up-to-date information for locating clinical trials for a wide range of diseases and conditions. The U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH), through its National Library of Medicine (NLM), developed this site in collaboration with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), as a result of the FDA Modernization Act, which was passed into law in November 1997.   This property should be publically visible since it is one of the principal identifiers in a national registry of clinical trials "							
256	C	vcard:	Identification	Identification	VIVO	R	yes	I	See Early Thoughts on Identifiers								
303	C	vivo:	AcademicDegree	Academic Degree	ADO	R	yes	O	 	"An academic degree at any level, both as reported by individuals for employment and as offered by academic degree programs."		This list may have multiple abbreviations for some degrees.|B.A. Bachelor of Arts					http://www.thefreedictionary.com/student
317	C	vivo:	AwardedDegree	Awarded Degree	ADO	R	yes	O	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships	The awarding of a degree by an agent to another agent. It is mostly for academic degrees.							
318	C	vivo:	AwardReceipt	Award or Honor Receipt	ADO	R	yes	O	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships	"The bestowal of an award, honor, or distinction to a person or person's at a particular time.  "		The award bestowed may be represented with the Award class.					
360	C	vivo:	Equipment	Equipment	ERO	R	yes	O	Find in ERO	"A physical object provided for specific purpose, task or occupation. "		"server; Bruker Vector-33 FT-IR|A network server is one example. Medical schools and research laboratories can list professional equipment, such as microscopes."					
252	C	vcard:	Geo	Geo	GAZ	R	yes	O	Use GAZ								
326	C	vivo:	Certificate	Certificate	IAO	R	yes	O	Find in IAO	"A document confirming certain characteristics of a person or organization, usually provided by some form of external review, education, or assessment."		"A document confirming certain characteristics of a person or organization, usually provided by some form of external review, education, or assessment."					
327	C	vivo:	Certification	Certification	IAO	R	yes	O	Certification Process	An issued certificate		see also core:Certificate					
339	C	vivo:	Contract	Contract	IAO	R	yes	O		An agreement involving specific deliverables and payment							
345	C	vivo:	Credential	Credential	IAO	R	yes	O	Find in IAO	"An attestation of qualification, competence, or authority issued to an individual by a third party with a relevant or  de facto authority or assumed competence to do so."		"An attestation of qualification, competence, or authority issued to an individual by a third party with a relevant or  de facto authority or assumed competence to do so."					
262	C	vcard:	Language	Language	LANG	R	yes	O	VIVO may need a LANG ontology to codify ISO and the Euro competency levels								
151	C	obo:	ERO_0000016	Clinical Trial	OBI	R	yes	O	In the OBO domain	"An interventional study that contains a set of procedures in medical research and drug development that are conducted to allow safety (or more specifically, information about adverse drug reactions and adverse effects of other treatments) and efficacy data to be collected for health interventions (e.g., drugs, diagnostics, devices, therapy protocols) that is performed over phases."		A clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy of a new drug.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
98	C	foaf:	Organization	Organization	ORG	R	yes	O	Do we need an OBO/VIVO alternative with reference?	"A kind of Agent corresponding to social instititutions such as companies, societies etc.|A generic class encompassing several types of organizations."		"This class will display all the instances in the subclasses below it, as well as any organizations that were added as part of this generic class because there wasn't a specific class available.|Only use if no specific subclasses of foaf:organization desribe the organization."		organization	PERSON: Scott Hoffmann		
378	C	vivo:	Grant	Grant	RAO	R	yes	O	Needs analysis  	"Financial assistance mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity"		"An intramural or extramural award to support scholarly work, such as UF09179 (VIVO)|Short definition is from the Glossary of NIH Terms."					
224	C	skos4:	Concept	Concept	SKOS	R	yes	O	Use SKOS 8								
362	C	vivo:	Exhibit	Exhibit	VIVO	R	yes	O	More art related classes needed	"The showing of an object or a collection of objects, in an organized manner."							
413	C	vivo:	Presentation	Presentation	VIVO	R	yes	O	An event type	"Encompasses talk, speech, lecture, slide lecture, conference presentation"							
91	C	c4o:	GlobalCitationCount	Global Citation Count	VIVO	R	yes	O	Should be in VIVO with reference to c40	"The number of times a work has been cited globally, as determined from a particular bibliographic information source on a particular date."							
92	C	event:	Event	Event	VIVO	R	yes	O	"Higher level than VIVO, but no alternative for now?"	Something that happens at a given place and time.		"Only use if no specific subclasses of event:Event are appropriate.|This class will also display instances of subclasses under Event, e.g. Philosophy Department Discussion Club; 2009 Racker Lecture; screening of a documentary. In addition to a location in space and time, an event may have any or all the following qualities: actively participating agents, passive factors, work products. Also, it may be in a virtual space or part of a series such as a lecture series.\n\nThe previous short definition was: \An arbitrary classification of a space/time region, by a cognitive agent.\"""""					
99	C	foaf:	Person	Person	VIVO	R	yes	O	Do we need an OBO/VIVO alternative with reference?	An instance of a human being (Homo sapiens)|The most general classification of a person				person	PERSON: Melissa Haendel		
145	C	obo:	ERO_0000005	Service	VIVO	R	yes	O	A service description	"An information content entity that describes a service performed by a person or organization with the objective of performing a technique, providing training, providing storage of data or material entities, or providing access to resources for another person or organization"		A DNA sequencing service performed by a core lab.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120	service	PERSON: Melissa Haendel		
147	C	obo:	ERO_0000007	Technique	VIVO	R	yes	O	Not in the ERO domain	A technique is a planned process used to accomplish a specific activity or task.		Flow cytometry is a technique.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Melissa Haendel		
226	C	vcard:	Address	Address	VIVO	R	yes	O	Needs analysis -- its an information content entity								
264	C	vcard:	Logo	Logo	VIVO	R	yes	O	This idea should be added to VIVO								
269	C	vcard:	Name	Name	VIVO	R	yes	O	VIVO will have name parts								
271	C	vcard:	Nickname	Nickname	VIVO	R	yes	O	VIVO will have name concepts								PERSON: Melissa Haendel
316	C	vivo:	Award	Award or Honor	VIVO	R	yes	O	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships	An Award or Honor		Wiley Prize in Biomedical Sciences|An Award or Honor					
321	C	vivo:	Building	Building	VIVO	R	yes	O	For location of events	Building that provides a particular service or is used for a particular activity.		"Martha Van Rensselaer Hall (VR); Caldwell Hall (CD); University Auditorium|Enter building name. If the building's name is a number (as in many governmental organizations such as national laboratories and military bases), then enter it. Do not confuse with the number that appears in a postal address."					
322	C	vivo:	Campus	Campus	VIVO	R	yes	O	Possible	"The grounds of a school, college, university, or hospital. Or, a large, usually suburban, landscaped business or industrial site."		Definition taken from dictionary.com (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/campus).|Cornell Ithaca; Cornell Geneva; Cornell New York City; Cornell Qatar					
333	C	vivo:	Competition	Competition	VIVO	R	yes	O	Possible	An occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants.		Not the same as an award or distinction.|Intel Talent Search; poetry contest					
336	C	vivo:	ConferenceSeries	Conference Series	VIVO	R	yes	O	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	An organized series of a meeting for consultation or discussion.		"For individual, separate conferences, use conference instead.  core:ConferenceSeries and core:SeminarSeries are very similar."					
344	C	vivo:	Course	Course	VIVO	R	yes	O		"A course as taught in one time period by one or more instructors, normally but not always for credit. Does not represent either each meeting of the course or the course offering such as Biology 101 taught every semester from 1980 to 2010"		"A course as taught in one time period (such as a semester; although note that a course could consist of only one meeting (teaching session)) by one or more instructors, normally but not always for credit. Does not represent either each meeting of the course or the course offering such as Biology 101 taught every semester from 1980 to 2010"					
356	C	vivo:	EducationalProcess	Educational Process	VIVO	R	yes	O		Represents educational training that has been received.		Currently any abstract name is given to individuals of this class. This could change in the future.					
361	C	vivo:	EventSeries	Event Series	VIVO	R	yes	O		Two or more events that occur at different times and are connected to each other.		"A generic class which may include a conference series, a course section, a seminar series, or a workshop series. When possible, use one of these more specific classes.|Only use if no specific subclasses of core:EventSeries desribe the activity."					
364	C	vivo:	F1000Link	F1000 Link	VIVO	R	yes	O				F1000 is a place where faculty go to critique papers published in PubMed. Any given record in F1000 might have anywhere from one to dozens of reviews.					
408	C	vivo:	Position	Position	VIVO	R	yes	O		"Particular position in an organization, commonly identified by job title, and normally associated with a job description that details the tasks and responsibilities that go with the position."		"Director of Admissions and Placement; Associate University Librarian|An employment activity, whether compensated or not. Short definition comes from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Position, and has been modified."					
416	C	vivo:	PrimaryPosition	Primary Position	VIVO	R	yes	O	A quality?	A position designated as primary by the organization where it is held.		A position designated as primary by the organization or group where it is held. This designation may be applied to zero or more of an agent's positions and may be asserted in conjunction with other subclasses of position.					
420	C	vivo:	Project	Project	VIVO	R	yes	O	Needs analysis  	"An endeavor, frequently collaborative, that occurs over a finite period of time and is intended to achieve a particular aim."		"An endeavor, frequently collaborative, that occurs over a finite period of time and is intended to achieve a particular aim.\n"					
432	C	vivo:	SeminarSeries	Seminar Series	VIVO	R	yes	O		"An organized series of a meeting for an exchange of ideas, typically put on by a department or center."		"For individual seminars, use seminar instead.  core:ConferenceSeries and core:SeminarSeries are very similar.|Applied Microeconomics Seminars; Future of Rural New York Seminar Series"					
442	C	vivo:	UndergraduateAdvisingRelationship	Undergraduate Advising Relationship	VIVO	R	yes	O	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships	An advisory relationship in which a professor advises an undergraduate student.							
447	C	vivo:	WorkshopSeries	Workshop Series	VIVO	R	yes	O		"An organized series of workshop events, whether repetitions of the same workshop or multiple different workshops."		Use workshop for individual events.					
340	C	vivo:	CoPrincipalInvestigatorRole	Co-Principal Investigator Role	CREDIT	R	yes	R		"Role of co-principal investigator of an Agreement (for example, a grant), who devotes a specified percentage of time and is considered key personnel."							
354	C	vivo:	EditorRole	Editor Role	CREDIT	R	yes	R		"An ongoing editorial responsibility for a bibo:Collection, such as a Journal or Series"		"An ongoing editorial responsibility for a bibo:Collection, such as a Journal or Series"					
149	C	obo:	ERO_0000014	Research Project	OBI	R	yes	R	In the OBO domain	A funded collection of investigations as described in a research proposal.		A project to study the role of a specific protein in cell signaling.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Melissa Haendel		
150	C	obo:	ERO_0000015	Human Study	OBI	R	yes	R	In the OBO domain	Research project that uses or collects measurements or assessments about humans.		A clinical trial.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120	human study	PERSON: Melissa Haendel		
417	C	vivo:	PrincipalInvestigatorRole	Principal Investigator Role	OBI	R	yes	R		"Role of a person to direct a project or activity being supported by an Agreement (for example, a grant), and who is accountable to the grantee for the proper conduct of the project or activity. Also known as Program Director or Project Director."							
423	C	vivo:	ResearcherRole	Researcher Role	OBI	R	yes	R		"A role of conducting funded or unfunded research,  sometimes linked to an Agreement."		"Examples of research can be seen at: http://www.ufl.edu/research/products/index.html.  Note these may have been funded, but the research doesn't have to be funded.  Also, the research may be linked to an Agreement (for example, a Grant), but does not need to be."					
678	O	bibo:	director	director	VIVO	C	yes	R	Director is a role			Definition take from this site: http://bibotools.googlecode.com/svn/bibo-ontology/trunk/doc/index.html .					
679	O	bibo:	distributor	distributor	VIVO	C	yes	R	Distributor is a role								
680	O	bibo:	interviewee	interviewee	VIVO	C	yes	R	Interviewee is a role								
681	O	bibo:	interviewer	interviewer	VIVO	C	yes	R	Interviewee is a role								
682	O	bibo:	issuer	issuer	VIVO	C	yes	R	Issuer is a role								
683	O	bibo:	performer	performer	VIVO	C	yes	R	Performer is a role								
686	O	bibo:	recipient	recipient	VIVO	C	yes	R	Recipient is a role								
806	O	vivo:	confirmedOrcidId	Orcid ID confirmation	VIVO	C	yes	R	Becomes a quality								
813	O	vivo:	degreeCandidacy	degree candidacy	VIVO	C	yes	R	Candidacy is a role								
845	O	vivo:	orcidId	ORCID iD	VIVO	C	yes	R				This is now an object property where the object value is a resource of the form <http://orcid.org/NNNN-NNNN-NNNN-NNNN>.  This is to support connecting VIVO and ORCID in the linked data web.   Note: a person can have multiple ORCID iDs.					
859	O	vivo:	sponsors	sponsors award or honor	VIVO	C	yes	R	Sponsor is a role								
315	C	vivo:	Authorship	Authorship	VIVO	R	yes	R	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships	"Contains the authors name, their rank in the publication, and whether or not they are a corresponding author on the publication."		"Currently any abstract name is given to members of this class. This could change in the future.|Authorship of journal articles, books and other original works is a means by which academics communicate the results of their scholarly work, establish priority for their discoveries, and build their reputation among their peers.\nThis class allows for linking an author to a publication while indicating information about that author's authorship."					
148	C	obo:	ERO_0000012	Service Provider Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in the ERO domain	A role inhering in a person or organization that is realized when the bearer participates in providing a service to meet the need of another person or thing.|An role of an individual within his or her profession or institution; use outreach provider role for community service or other activities outside the profession.		A technician in a core laboratory.|Member of the International Conference on Complex Systems Organizing Committee	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
154	C	obo:	ERO_0000224	Funding Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in the ERO domain	A role inhering in a person or organization that is realized when the bearer participates in providing funding to a person or an organization for academic or business purposes.		The NIH is a funding agency.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
155	C	obo:	ERO_0000225	Educator Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in the ERO domain	A role inhering in a person or organization that is realized when the bearer participates in providing education to a student or group of students.		A teacher.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
158	C	obo:	ERO_0000393	Training Service	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	"A service offering that describes a service in which the provider offers educational materials or events, such as courses, workshops or graduate programs, to the service consumer "		Training a researcher to use a microscope.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Matt Brush		
163	C	obo:	ERO_0000595	Research Opportunity	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	"A planned process carried out by a person or organization with the objective of performing research.|An offering through an ongoing program or single request of research support: internships, positions, financial awards or other forms of tangible or intangible support"		Training grant to perform post-doctoral research.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120	student research opportunity	PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
169	C	obo:	ERO_0000783	Student Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	"A role inhering in a person that is realized when the bearer participates a course of study, as in a school, college, university, etc."		A college student.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
170	C	obo:	ERO_0000784	Undergraduate Student Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	"A student role inhering in a person that is realized when the bearer participates in a course of study at a college, university, etc. in pursuit of an associate or bachelor degree."		A college student.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
171	C	obo:	ERO_0000785	Graduate Student Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	A student role inhering in a person that is realized when the bearer participates a course of study at a university or institution in pursuit of an graduate or professional degree.		A PhD student at a university.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
172	C	obo:	ERO_0000786	High School Student Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	A student role inhering in a person that is realized when the bearer participates in a course of study at a secondary learning institution.		A freshman in high school.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
173	C	obo:	ERO_0000787	Employee Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	A role inhering in a person that is realized when the bearer participates in an occupation by which a person earns a living or spends their time.		An employee at a university.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
174	C	obo:	ERO_0000788	Faculty Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	"An employee role inhering in a person that is realized when the bearer participates in the teaching and/or administrative force of a university, college, or school."		A professor at a university.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
175	C	obo:	ERO_0000789	Staff Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	An employee role inhering in a person that is realized when the bearer is employed by an employer.		A research technician in a lab.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
176	C	obo:	ERO_0000790	Post-Baccalaureate Trainee	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	A student role inhering in a person that is realized when the bearer participates in a post-baccalaureate training program in pursuit of an additional bachelor degree or new or additional training in a particular field.			http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000123		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
177	C	obo:	ERO_0000914	Post-Graduate Student Trainee Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Not in ERO domain	"A student role inhering in a person that is realized when the bearer participates in a post-graduate training program in pursuit of new or additional training in a particular field, such as a post-doctoral fellowship."		A post-doctoral fellow.	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000120		PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky		
307	C	vivo:	AdministratorRole	Administrator Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships								http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/employment
308	C	vivo:	AdviseeRole	Advisee Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships								http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/faculty
309	C	vivo:	AdvisingProcess	Advising Process	VIVO	R	yes	R	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships								PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky
310	C	vivo:	AdvisingRelationship	Advising Relationship	VIVO	R	yes	R	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships	"A dual relationship of one person being advised or mentored by another person, typically including start and end dates"							PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky
311	C	vivo:	AdvisorRole	Advisor Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships								PERSON: Nicole Vasilevsky
313	C	vivo:	AttendeeRole	Attendee Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships	A role of attending an Event or EventSeries							http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Database
314	C	vivo:	AttendingProcess	Attending Process	VIVO	R	yes	R	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships								
329	C	vivo:	ClinicalRole	Clinical Role	VIVO	R	yes	R		A role of observing or treating patients							
355	C	vivo:	Editorship	Editorship	VIVO	R	yes	R	Editing Process	A relationship that represents the recognition of an agent as an editor.							
357	C	vivo:	EmeritusFaculty	Faculty Member Emeritus	VIVO	R	yes	R		"A retired faculty member who has retained their rank, title and privileges."							
358	C	vivo:	EmeritusLibrarian	Librarian Emeritus	VIVO	R	yes	R		"A retired librarian who has retained their rank, title and privileges."							
366	C	vivo:	FacultyAdministrativePosition	Faculty Administrative Position	VIVO	R	yes	R		"An academic administrative position (associate dean, etc.) as distinct from a professional administrative position (non-academic)"		That is a position held by an academic faculty member who works for administration.|Associate Dean					
367	C	vivo:	FacultyMember	Faculty Member	VIVO	R	yes	R		A person with at least one academic appointment to a specific faculty of a university or institution of higher learning.							
368	C	vivo:	FacultyMentoringRelationship	Faculty Mentoring Relationship	VIVO	R	yes	R	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships	An advisory relationship in which one faculty member mentors another faculty member.							
369	C	vivo:	FacultyPosition	Faculty Position	VIVO	R	yes	R		Academic position in a university or institution		"Professor; Associate Professor; Assistant Professor|Professor, associate professor and assistant professor are common positions for academic faculty."					
376	C	vivo:	GraduateAdvisingRelationship	Graduate Advising Relationship	VIVO	R	yes	R	See Early Thoughts on Roles and Relationships	An advisory relationship in which a professor advises a graduate student.							
377	C	vivo:	GraduateStudent	Graduate Student	VIVO	R	yes	R		A person who has already received a bachelor's degree and is working toward a Master's or Doctoral degree.							
399	C	vivo:	NonAcademic	Non-Academic	VIVO	R	yes	R		A person holding a position that is not considered to be an academic appointment.							
400	C	vivo:	NonAcademicPosition	Non-Academic Position	VIVO	R	yes	R		"A position classified as professional, staff, support, or any other non-academic role"		"Staff, support, and other non-academic positions.|Accounting & Research Services Assistant; Director of Information Technology"					
401	C	vivo:	NonFacultyAcademic	Non-Faculty Academic	VIVO	R	yes	R		A person not considered a faculty member but holding an academic appointment.							
402	C	vivo:	NonFacultyAcademicPosition	Non-Faculty Academic Position	VIVO	R	yes	R		A position involving academic work but without faculty status		Those positions are held by people who do academic work but do not have faculty positions in universities or institutes.|Researcher; Academic Extension Associate; Postdoctoral Associate					
403	C	vivo:	OrganizerRole	Organizer Role	VIVO	R	yes	R		A role of organizing							
404	C	vivo:	OrganizingProcess	Organizing Process	VIVO	R	yes	R	Organize an event								
405	C	vivo:	OutreachProviderRole	Outreach Provider Role	VIVO	R	yes	R	Outreach Role	An outreach or community service role directed outside a person's primary profession and institution		"The example is one outreach role required by US space agency NASA, which is related with one project in NASA. Name of the outreach role should be put here.|Communicating Astronomy to the Public"					
409	C	vivo:	Postdoc	Postdoc	VIVO	R	yes	R		A Person holding an academic employment appointment focused on research rather than teaching; temporary (or for some defined term)							
410	C	vivo:	PostdocOrFellowAdvisingRelationship	Postdoc or Fellow Advising Relationship	VIVO	R	yes	R	"Not ""or"""	An advisory relationship in which the advisee is a Postdoc or Fellow.							
411	C	vivo:	PostdocPosition	Postdoctoral Position	VIVO	R	yes	R		A postdoctoral training appointment (job)							
412	C	vivo:	PostdoctoralTraining	Postdoctoral Training	VIVO	R	yes	R		"Postdoctoral research is academic or scholarly research conducted by a person who has completed his or her doctoral studies, normally within the following five years. It is intended to further deepen expertise in a specialist subject."							
414	C	vivo:	PresenterRole	Presenter Role	VIVO	R	yes	R		A role of presenting information		"Are we assuming that a PresenterRole is in a Presentation?  Or could you have a PresenterRole in, say, a committee?"					
436	C	vivo:	Student	Student	VIVO	R	yes	R		A person who is enrolled in an educational institution.		Use only if no specific subclasses of core:Student describe the person.					
439	C	vivo:	TeacherRole	Teacher Role	VIVO	R	yes	R		A role of serving as an educator							
441	C	vivo:	Translation	Translation	VIVO	R	yes	R	Some are types.  Needs analysis.  Add from other ontologies.  Review tickets.	The result of rendering a work from one language to another							
443	C	vivo:	UndergraduateStudent	Undergraduate Student	VIVO	R	yes	R		A person registered in an undergraduate program leading to a bachelor's degree or an undergraduate diploma or certificate.							